1. Overview and Motivation:
Starting from a very young age, I have always been legal inclined. However, I hadn't really considered getting engaged in that field till my junior year. Now I am clearer that I want to go to law school in the near future, but I don't want to waste my IT background, either. Therefore, I want to use it as the pillar or an important skillset to back my future career, that's how/why I decided that I want to do my research on legal cases. The project goal is to analyze a bunch of cases and find the correlations/similarities or even differences among those cases. I have several possible directions in mind. Like when attorneys go to court, they would know which judge is assigned to them. However, everyone is biased. If we can find the correlations/similarities among the cases ruled by the specific judges they were assigned, we can find the weak spots of the judges, or preferences when they are ruling the case, then for attorneys/litigators, they will know how to approach the case/litigation to raise the possibility of winning. 

2. Related Work: 
    I have just read an article called “Legal Analytics VS. Legal Research: What’s The Difference” written by Owen Byrd, Lex Machina’s Chief Evangelist and General Counsel, and he proposed this idea in his article. I actually want to do this topic for a long time, just haven’t had the chance, and it’s really interesting to see how my idea would align with others’. I also just read an article from The Atlantic yesterday, talking about how some companies/fields (i.e., finance) are using Natural Language Processing techniques to predict the stocking price or possible changes or to prevent the possible problems occurring in the future within the company so that the company can be prepared. Then I started to think, since you could use it to predict the future stocking price, why not use it to predict the possibility of winning a case and see in what approaches you could raise the possibility. That was how I decided to do this research.
3. Initial Questions:
    I am thinking about analyzing cases categorized by the ruling judges and find the similarity in the cases to see if the judges have certain preferences/weak spots when they are ruling the cases, so that people who use the data can find the right approaches when they are assigned specific judges. I guess the questions would probably be changed to analyzing to specific topics and the ruling similarities/patterns within a certain state or county or district or circuit, depending on how much time I have and how deep I want to dig into it. But the data is hard to gather. As far as I am concerned, I have not found existing data about the topic I am thinking about doing, which means that I will need to download cases and probably use data scraping/crawlers to analyze the cases based on the keywords I set to get the data, and then analyze the data to see if there are certain patterns regarding specific keywords, which would be ruling preferences in my opinion. The data source would be law cases from the law case database, not sure about the data cleaning up yet but I guess there should be a database to store the data from the data from already analyzed cases which would be analyzed again later.
